Rework KongIngress documentation. (#4471)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/using-kongingress-resource.md

## Install a dummy service

We will start by installing the echo service and increasing its replica count:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://bit.ly/echo-service
service/echo created
deployment.apps/echo created
```

> ```bash

Author: Used the navtabs from the upgrade guide. It looks like only this guide had codeblocks, not the other files touched, based on a scan for anything using the ```bash syntax.

done
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-nk4jc
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-d477r
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-6jrmn
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-nk4jc
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-d477r
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-6jrmn
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-nk4jc
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-d477r
	pod name:	echo-588c888c78-6jrmn
```

Kong's load balancer does not directly distribute requests to each of the
Service's Endpoints. It first distributes them evenly across a number of
equal-size buckets. These buckets are then distributed across the available
Endpoints according to their weight. For Ingresses, however, there is a single
Service, and the controller assigns each Endpoint (represented by a Kong
upstream target) equal weight, and requests are indeed evenly hashed across all
Endpoints.

Gateway API HTTPRoutes support multiple backend Services with associated
weights per Service. The controller still assigns each Endpoint for a given
Service the same weight, but assigns them proportionally across the
multi-Service backend: the Endpoints of a Service will have a Kong target
weight such they collectively receive a percentage of requests equal to their

> Service's weight in the HTTPRoute. For example, if you have two Services, one

Author: Everyone loves jargon-filled math equations written in prose. Rewrote it, not sure if it's any better. Expanded the example to show changes, since IMO the example probably explains it better through demonstration than the explanation does.

```

Now, let's associate these KongIngress resources with our Ingress resources
using the `konghq.com/override` annotation.

```bash
$ kubectl patch ingress demo -p '{"metadata":{"annotations":{"konghq.com/override":"header-alpha"}}}'
ingress.extensions/demo patched
```

```bash
$ kubectl patch ingress demo-copy -p '{"metadata":{"annotations":{"konghq.com/override":"header-bravo"}}}'
ingress.extensions/demo-copy patched
```

Now, neither of the routes will match:

```bash
$ curl -s $PROXY_IP/foo
{"message":"no Route matched with those values"}
```

Adding headers to your requests will make your requests match routes again, and
you'll be able to access both routes depending on which header you use:

```bash
$ curl -sv $PROXY_IP/foo -H "kong-debug: 1" -H "x-split: alpha" 2>&1 | grep -i kong-route-name
< Kong-Route-Name: default.demo.00
```

```bash
$ curl -sv $PROXY_IP/foo -H "kong-debug: 1" -H "x-split: bravo" -H "x-legacy: enabled"  2>&1 | grep -i kong-route-name
< Kong-Route-Name: default.demo-copy.00
```

```bash
$ curl -sv $PROXY_IP/foo -H "kong-debug: 1" -H "x-split: charlie" -H "x-legacy: enabled"  2>&1 | grep -i kong-route-name
< Kong-Route-Name: default.demo-copy.00
```

> Note that demo-copy requires _both_ headers, but will match any of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `demo-copy` requires _both_ headers, but matches any of the
```
